SUMMARY

PARTNER is an interactive program to help sort ones inventory and help maximize the
growth of ones business. It is a program utilizing python,HTML and sql to help bring out the
potential in any business. Utilizing these modern coding languages we can help increase the
effectiveness of a business by using a program to help reduce the workload of the manager.
PARTNER is a program that is capable of creating recommendations for the user to help
in ones endeavors to help in creating a better inventory to increase growth and prosperity of the
business.

Our solution PARTNER helped Mr. Dave not only to understand the purchase pattern of
the individual customers but also compare with existing inventory and recommends which item
to keep on sale and clear it from the inventory. It means PARTNER identifies the list of products
that are at least demand based on the season and timely changing customer demands. This
enables him to create some space for procuring the most demanding product and keep it in stock.
A program is created to manage the inventory for shopkeepers. The program analyzes the
sales patterns of existing products and generates graphical and statistical summary. The program
also recommends the products which required to be sold at discounted prices to avoid further
losses due to the long holding period. Additionally, it also helps the shop keepers in creating
additional space for the products which are in high demand. Thus this enhances the sales
revenue.

This is all done using the help of python,HTML and Mysql which are resourceful coding
languages. Mysql is used to create the inventory and keep track of it while python is used for
computing and recommending items and displaying graphs to keep track and analyse the sales.
HTML is used for displaying everything in a graphically appealing format and thus binding the
entire application together. Using all these various aspects will help the business indefinitely and
boost the performance and increase sales revenue.
Due to clear space management in the supermarket, the customer also can pick the
required products in lesser time which can impact customer satisfaction positively